Before you sell a single kitchen, you need to know what Magppie actually is.
1.2
Here's the surprise — it isn't a kitchen company.
2.1
Our mission is to transform ordinary homes into wellness homes.
2.2
Spaces that keep you, your family, and the planet safe.
2.3
Magppie is a Wellness Movement.
2.4
We don't sell kitchens — we sell health, safety, and twenty-five years of peace of mind.
3.1
There is exactly one version of the company story, and it never changes.
3.2
Magppie Group has been in business for over fifty years.
3.3
For the past twenty-plus years, we have been creating kitchens and wardrobes.
3.4
And our first SilverStone kitchen gave us nine-plus years of real-world performance validation.
4.1
Never say we're thirty-five or forty years old.
4.2
Never open with stainless steel.
4.3
One story, one order: group heritage, kitchens, SilverStone.
5.1
Through twenty years of building kitchens we kept seeing the same failures — termites, mould, water sagging, and formaldehyde from plywood and MDF.
5.2
The industry kept selling finishes.
5.3
Nobody fixed the material.
5.4
That gap is why SilverStone exists — and it's the story every sales conversation is anchored on.
6.1
Before the quiz, write these down.
6.2
One — the mission: transform ordinary homes into wellness homes.
6.3
Two — Magppie is a wellness movement: we sell health, safety, and twenty-five years of peace of mind.
6.4
Three — one story, one order: fifty-plus years of group heritage, twenty-plus in kitchens, nine-plus of SilverStone.
6.5
Four — never say thirty-five or forty years old, and never open with stainless steel.
7.1
Learn the story word for word — then take the quiz.